Release v2.0.0 (#41)
powerhome/redis-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## [v2.0.0] - 2024-01-18

### Added
- [Set up a new HAProxy service for routing traffic specifically to Redis nodes set as slaves][https://github.com/powerhome/redis-operator/pull/40]

Update notes:

This release will change the labels of the HAProxy deployment resource. 

> It's important to note that in API version apps/v1, a Deployment's label selector [cannot be changed once it's created](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#label-selector-updates). Therefore, it's critical to make sure that the HAProxy deployment resource is removed from the cluster before moving forward with the `v2.0.0` version of the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to note that in API version apps/v1, a Deployment's label selector [cannot be changed once it's created](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/deployment/#label-selector-updates). Therefore, any existing HAProxy deployment placed by an <v2.0.0 version of the redis-operator MUST be deleted so the new deployment with the correct labels and selectors can be recreated by redis-operator v2.0.0+
```
